Add devportal API Keys documentation (#1718)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/consuming-services/manage-api-keys.md

# Manage API Keys

> To consume a published API secured with an API Key, you must generate an API Key specifically for that API. This API Key serves as a unique identifier, allowing authorized access while ensuring security and control over API consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access a published API secured with an API Key, you need to generate a dedicated API Key for that specific API. This key acts as a unique identifier, enabling authorized usage while maintaining security and control over how the API is consumed.
```

Author: Fixed

2. Click on **APIs** in the Developer Portal header.
3. Select the desired API that requires an API Key for access.
4. This will take you to the API overview page, where you can manage credentials.

#### Generating API keys.

Choreo allows you to generate API keys for production and sandbox environments.

!!! note
    Access to production endpoints may be restricted based on your user role. Ensure you have the required permissions before generating production keys.

Follow these steps to generate an API Key:

1. In the left navigation menu, select the desired environment under **Credentials**. The **API Keys** pane for the chosen environment will open.
2. If any API keys already exist, they will be listed here.
3. Click **Generate API Key** and configure the following options:
    - **Key Name**: Provide a suitable name for the API key.
    - **Application**: Select an existing application or create a new one.
    - **Subscription Policy**: Choose an appropriate subscription policy.
4. Click **Generate**. The newly created API Key will be displayed.

!!! note
    If the selected application is already subscribed to the chosen API, the subscription selection step will be skipped.

>     If multiple environments have been enabled for the API, then environment needs to be seletected during the API Key generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If multiple environments have been enabled for the API, a specific environment needs to be selected during the API Key generation.
```

Do we allow multiple environments here?

Author: Yes.
